today we have an exclusive for shopping
from home viewers it has never been seen
before on national TV it's a
revolutionary new product it's called
the iomega home media network hard drive
cloud edition and Aaron from Pete's
world of electronics is going to show us
how it works there are any of brought us
and exclusive for the first time being
seen on national TV on or t1 and you
gave it to us shopping from home what is
it what about lung today Cathy is the
iomega home media network hard drive ok
Clara Leticia cloud edition Claire
edition that's right you're looking at
me saying what's clouded yeah basically
what cloud edition is is you can add
files onto this hair drive and anyone in
the world the chew on voyage can access
them and they can add stuff on and take
stuff off it's like a home library that
anyone you and Voight can access so most
people go in a hard drive they just want
to get a hard drive plug it into her
laptop or a computer transfer files
backup file save stuff they have a fear
or apprehension about Network hard
drives they think I'm gonna need some
sort of computer geek or something a
degree or whatever to hook it up oh you
mean you have made it so so simple so
everyone can use so anyone can use this
basically you get this you bring it home
plug it into your broadband router power
it on and load the CD into your computer
and that's it anyone then you an invite
your friends your colleagues family
whatever can all access your files and
they can add foils on flick photos
videos movies whatever well this is the
way forward okay and Omega really
thinking forward so if your family
abroad or anywhere basically in the same
house the same streets different country
you invite them onto the cloud server
and they can access they can upload
their photos that videos anything
basically that they want to share they
can all access on that I can't get over
how slim how slick but it's very typical
by Omega there it's gonna it's gonna sit
perfectly with badali even if you have a
beside your TV or in time
listen to this particular one is a
terabyte which is huge for thousands and
thousand gigs so it's gonna start low
distortion you can actually do the USB
on the front so if one terabyte isn't
big enough you can add another hard
drive and make it bigger well right and
you can also backup all your work file
so you have security then as well so k
which is very very important you know so
it is it is great no so not only only
can you do all those features with
sharing which is great and as I said
it's the way forward to share all your
files you can also ninety-five percent
of the tvs we sell install repeats at
the moment have internet connection or a
network connection so if you download
all your movies your photos your videos
you can play them back to your TV all
right spent so you can play all your
stuff on your TV also if you have an
xbox 360 or playstation 3 you can play
them on that plate and true that as well
so watch all your favorite movies
whatever on your TV all your stuff on
this your photos you can instantly
upload to YouTube to Facebook Flickr or
you choose anyone you invite onto this
you can all share the HM so you've a
central library for all your items so
your iTunes your Xbox your playstation
tree your iPad your iPhone your Android
the voice once you're connected to the
internet you can add our share files
that are all accessed on this is
brilliant it really is brilliant for
such a fantastic hard drive the first
thing that people are going to say is
well for this sophisticated system it's
gonna cost a fortune well they'd be
wrong cati because with that massive one
terabyte hard drive with all that file
sharing and all the stuff you can
Network all around your house all around
the globe and all you make are backing
it up with a three year guarantee
excellent this only cast 119 Europe 19
that's fabulous gosh dolemite that's
fantastic and it's exclusive to Pete's
brother like I'm shopping tomorrow we
love you if you want to buy the
sensational iomega home media network
hard drive cloud edition and be part of
the future at such a sensational price
how could you say no here's how to order
to purchase this super by Omega home
media network hard drive cloud edition
with an outstanding one terabyte hard
drive that can store files photos videos
and movies the revolutionary cloud
network
allows you to share your files with
anyone in the world this fantastic
iomega home media network hard drive
cloud edition normally retails for 149
euro but today you can purchase it for
the amazing price of just 119 euro
giving you an incredible saving of 30
euro and it includes free delivery
straight to your door so to order call
now on oh 187 27 943 lines open 10 am-2
five-thirty p.m. monday to friday or
order and pay online on Petes com all
major credit debit cards American
Express on paypal accepted for terms and
conditions log on to Pete's com